fix: docs/framework/unmanaged-api/profiling/icorprofilerinfo6-enumngenmodulemethodsinliningthismethod-method.md (#10990)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/unmanaged-api/profiling/icorprofilerinfo6-enumngenmodulemethodsinliningthismethod-method.md

author: "rpetrusha"
ms.author: "ronpet"
---

# ICorProfilerInfo6::EnumNgenModuleMethodsInliningThisMethod Method

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> [Supported in the .NET Framework 4.6 and later versions]

Reviewer: We say the version in the Requirements section already

```suggestion
```

> Returns an enumerator to all the methods that          are defined in  a given NGen module and          inline a given method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns an enumerator to all the methods that are defined in a given NGen module and inline a given method.
```

## Syntax

```cpp
HRESULT EnumNgenModuleMethodsInliningThisMethod(
        [in] ModuleID inlinersModuleId,
        [in] ModuleID inlineeModuleId,
        [in] mdMethodDef inlineeMethodId,
        [out] BOOL *incompleteData,
        [out] ICorProfilerMethodEnum** ppEnum
);
```

> #### Parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Parameters
```

`ppEnum`
[out] A pointer to the address of an enumerator

## Remarks

`inlineeModuleId` and `inlineeMethodId` together form the full identifier for the method that might be inlined. For example, assume module `A` defines a method `Simple.Add`:

```csharp
Simple.Add(int a, int b)
{ return a + b; }
```

and module B defines `Fancy.AddTwice`:

```csharp
Fancy.AddTwice(int a, int b)
{ return Simple.Add(a,b) + Simple.Add(a,b); }
```

Lets also assume that `Fancy.AddTwice` inlines the call to `SimpleAdd`. A profiler could use this enumerator to find all methods defined in module B which inline `Simple.Add`, and the result would enumerate `AddTwice`.  `inlineeModuleId` is the identifier of module `A`, and `inlineeMethodId` is the identifier of `Simple.Add(int a, int b)`.

If `incompleteData` is true after the function returns, the enumerator does not contain all methods inlining a given method. This can happen when one or more direct or indirect dependencies of inliners module haven't been loaded yet. If a profiler needs accurate data, it should retry later when more modules are loaded, preferably on each module load.

> The `EnumNgenModuleMethodsInliningThisMethod` method can be used to work around limitations on inlining for ReJIT. ReJIT lets a profiler change the implementation of a method and then create new code for it on the fly. For example, we could change `Simple.Add` as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `EnumNgenModuleMethodsInliningThisMethod` method can be used to work around limitations on inlining for ReJIT. ReJIT lets a profiler change the implementation of a method and then create new code for it on the fly. For example, you can change `Simple.Add` as follows:
```
